China has been caught lying about its
GDP numbers. In an admission from
government officials, it has been made
public that growth was inflated
significantly in order to produce the
desired result. Finally, we have a bit
of honesty in the world of lies and
deceit. That's why you came here for the
truth. So, let me unveil that for you.
So today we are going to talk about
China specifically. Now everybody knows
that China has been growing year after
year after year. And despite the fact
that we've seen less growth over the
years, we know that there has been
growth. That's for sure. It has public
works projects. It's got people moving
from the uh rural areas into the cities.
We've seen those trends. But how
truthful are these numbers? Well,
finally we have a little bit of
information which should give people a
closer look at that. So, let's get into
it today. This is just a wonderful
picture of me. Look at this. The Chinese
debt problem. I want to start with this
about the GDP in general. Okay, we're
looking at the debt problem and it's not
just China. Of
course, all countries around the world
are suffering from so much debt national
on a personal level. All the cities are
just heavily in debt. I mean, they're
invested in these garbage pension funds
and everything else that are just
rotting and just waiting to implode. And
then you look at their GDP numbers,
their growth, but also the debt to GDP,
and it is significant. It is terrible.
China's debt is
250% of its current GDP and it presents
an explosive sign of collapse of the
economy. Corporate debt in the economy
is 165% of the GDP. China made
investments into the fixed assets of the
economy. The stateowned enterprises did
the maximum effort in this case to hold
a huge chunk of the corporate debt of
the nation. Essentially what happens any
country the government will step in and
start to buy things and they may buy
these toxic assets as you saw during the
uh financial crisis and then look to
Europe after doing a very similar thing.
What is the result of this? Well,
essentially what it does is it puts the
burden onto the individual. No longer is
the corporation going to be footing the
bill, going to have to pay the price.
No, it's not the way it is. It's the
people as a whole. That's what you try
to do. You try to take that burden and
give it to the people. Of course, the
people didn't screw up. The people
didn't make bad decisions, bad
investment decisions. They're working
their 9to-5 fives. They're working
themselves to the bone day in day out.
They barely have any time for
themselves. And yet, they have to suffer
more than, you know, the that let's call
it the 1%, but you know what I'm talking
about. the elite, the corporations,
whatever. They're the ones getting all
the advantages, the CEO bonuses, the
bailouts, TARP, they're the ones who
receive the benefits from all the
quantitative easing, and you down that
line get screwed over. Okay, that's what
happens. So, let's look at the GDP
growth now. Let's let's try to
understand how these numbers here
are calculated. Uh more importantly,
let's let's look at how they are shown
to the public. Okay. To the absolute
surprise of no one, Chinese economic
growth came at an annualized growth rate
of 6.7% in
2016. And just briefly, 6.7%
significantly higher than most Western
nations. Okay, that's a fact. You won't
see anywhere even half of that a growth
rate in the US or Canada or the UK. I
mean Canada's contracting at this time.
UK we saw something similar happening
recently and um the US claims that it
will grow at you know a fair amount 3 to
4%. I I don't know we'll see but anyway
at this time it hasn't grown at that
rate. There was a moderate surprise that
it was 6.8% 8% instead and see the media
will publish that say even better than
expectations when it's even
just.1%. What is it though that they're
looking for? They're trying to get in
between 6.5 and 7 and they basically put
those numbers right in between that
target
rate. But are the numbers real? I mean,
we're seeing the numbers, but how real
are they?
Well, let before I get into that, let
let me just show you here. This chart
goes back up into
2006. General line obviously being
downward. And just another thing is you
have this slow sort of decline that
we're seeing that's been happening over
the past few years since since the
financial crisis essentially just a slow
and steady decline. Okay, it could come
up, but that's the trend. Month after
month after month, we are seeing that
trend. And it just seems to me that the
expectations globally are less growth.
That's what I would say. All right, look
at this. Out of the Financial Times, the
Chinese province fabricated fiscal data
for four years. Okay, this is an
admission here. Fabricated for four
years. A senior official has admitted
the latest blow to the already shaky
reputation of China's economic
statistics. Okay, so we've seen this
report. I mean, I've covered it here on
the channel before where I believe that
the actual growth rate they believed was
somewhere around 4% or less. But that
was, you know, independent analysis and
calculations and probably more
realistic.
But when you see the actual government
coming out and admitting it, it's huge.
It's like, okay, it's obvious. Let's
just mention it. Fiscal revenues for the
province were inflated by at least at
least 20% from 2011 to
2014. And he was involved in a largecale
financial deception, good word here, at
city and county levels that lasted a
long time and involved many people. So,
this particular province that they're
referring to, it it could go much
deeper, and I'm sure it does. But
anyway, regardless, it pushes those GDP
numbers right up into that middle of
where they want to be. They want to be
too low on the expectations. They don't
want to be too high to set off any
alarms, but they just want to lie just a
little bit, just enough to make it look
okay. Now, what's important to note is
that the falsification led to additional
taxes of $146 per person in recent
years. People getting screwed over.
That's the end result. And that is of
course the intention all along. Let's
look at this China's annual growth uh
GDP growth that is. And you can see that
we're going back significant here right
across the line heading back. If you
can't see that for yourself, 1990, okay,
the 1990 time frame anyway. I mean, it's
ridiculous to go back this far in the
data and not set off any alarms. And
then you will see since the financial
crisis downward. Okay, that's what I
wanted to show you. Let's move on. Total
social financing. Again, another
statistic going back a few years, but
this is something that moves up and
down, up and down. So, I'm not going to
really spend any time on that. China's
GDP year-over-year again, slow and
steady decline. If I
can I can't move that at all. I tried to
move the chart for you, but anyway, you
can see the slow and steady decline.
Industrial production, same thing. Look
at the retail sales. Shouldn't surprise
anybody. It's globally. And you look at
the fixed
asset right here down as well. Okay.
Everything downtrend. Everything moving
on a downtrend since the financial
crisis. This is in fact the financial
crisis part two.
Okay, moving
on. Last one. China debt to GDP. I mean,
look at this. This is it should be
setting off alarm bells. In all
countries, we're seeing the same thing.
Debt to GDP rising very, very
dramatically. Why? because they do not
want to solve the problem. That is it.
They do not want to solve it. They want
to print money. They want to create
bailout schemes, bailin schemes and
everything else. And ultimately the
burden just gets worse and worse and the
bubble inflates further and further and
eventually you listen very closely and
you will hear the pop. If you found this
video informative, please give me a
thumbs up.
And if you prefer to stare at this,
perhaps you have this a poster up on
your bedroom wall, then you can give me
a thumbs down
instead. If you found the video
informative, I know you will find my
book, The Money GPS, even more
informative. You can actually look
through the book. If you go over to
Amazon, they have a look inside feature
that will allow you to flip through the
pages of the book and see if you like
it. They